Fix links to Streaming example (#9628)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/working/scalaGuide/main/async/ScalaComet.md

}
```

> For an example of a Comet helper, see the `play-scala-streaming-example` in the  [Play Samples](https://github.com/playframework/play-samples) repository.

Author: ```suggestion
For an example of a Comet helper, see the [Play Streaming Example](https://developer.lightbend.com/start/?group=play&project=play-samples-play-scala-streaming-example).
```
